# Rule 1: 
Players take turns adding a proposal to the game. A proposal can be changing an existing rule, deleting an existing rule, or making a completely new rule. You may only make 1 proposal on your turn. 
The player(s) whose turn it is can be found in #turns. 
Rule 1 EDIT: The player whose turn it is must make a proposal within 24 hours. 

Rule 2:
(11 overwrites)  
When a proposal is made in #proposals, a @Moderator will add it to #voting. If the rule has more votes for than against after 48 hours of it being in #voting, it will be added to #official-rules (or other appropriate thing will happen) and it will have an immediate effect from then on. 

Rule 3: 
The first player to reach 1000 points, wins the game.

Rule 5: 
New rule with the following:
By default, all obligations (eg. rules with the formula of "must X") are to be fulfilled within 48 hours of the first moment that the obligation is able to be completed. If a player doesn’t fulfill an obligation compelled by the rules within the time granted for it, their next turn is skipped, other rules about turn order notwithstanding.

Players who have had their turn skipped due to no compliance with this rule are considered Inactive. Inactive players will be given the "Inactive" role, their proposal turns will be skipped and they do not have access to the #voting channel. (Only players who have access to the #voting channel are allowed to vote, and when they all do, the votes are counted.) Players who comply with this rule are considered "Active", get the according role on Discord, and have access to the rule voting channel.
If a player tagged as "Inactive" sends a message in any channel of this discord server, they are considered active again, but still lose their next chance to propose a new rule/edit a rule.

#Rule 6: 
Every time a rule (which is numbered with a number that can be divided by 10 without resulting in a number with decimals) is added to #official-rules, all active players are given a TripleVote. A TripleVote can be used by telling a @Moderator, and upon being used, the next vote of the player whose TripleVote was used, counts as 3 votes. 

#Rule 7:
After a player's proposal passes, they receive 40 Coins.

#Rule 8:
There are always two turns occuring simultaneously from the next two players (after this proposal passes) found in the turn order in #turns. When one of those turns comes to an end, the next player in #turns  begins their turn.

#Rule 9:
Whenever a proposal is accepted (adding of a rule, removal of a rule or ammendment of a rule), all the players who voted against the proposal receive 10 Coins.

#Rule 10:
The players have the option to start a debate. A debate is a time period of 24 hours where people argue for or against the initial argument. For example: "debate: chem trails make frogs gay". Then, people argue for or against it. When the 24 hours are up, people will have new insight concerning both sides, and thus vote for a side. The winners' side will be rewarded 50 Coins to each player who participated, and the losers side will be rewarded 20 (for participation). However, to avoid side switching, I suggest not creating a poll, but rather messaging a mod with the side the player sided with. The debates may be about anything. The debate needs 4 or more participants before the 24 hour time period is over, or else voting won't commence. To qualify as a participant you need to come with at least 1 argument. An argument may be as little as the player simply disagreeing, but the player will need to have some sort of counter-argument. For example: "argument: chem trails doesnt make the frogs gay. What're your sources?" could be a counter argument.

#Rule 11:
As soon as this proposal passes an election will happen for a leader. All future changes to the rules (i.e rule amendments, rule deletions, or rule additions) are submitted to the leader to immediately reject or pass on to voting phase.
After 4 accepted proposals the leader's term will end. The leader will then  choose their replacement.
There is also two roles called Judge. The player with the highest rank (most exp) is one Judge. The player with the most Coins is one Judge.

#Rule 12:
If someone’s rule does not pass, they will be deducted 40 Coins. 

#Rule 13:
After the leader has chosen to pass a rule, but before it is to be voted by all the Active players, the Judges get to vote "Yay" or "Nay" in the passed rule. To vote for a "Nay" they have to consume a "Nay" charge. The judge vote is secret, and is submitted to a Moderator. If they both vote "Nay", the current leader's term immediately ends, the change to the rules is not implemented, an election happens for a new leader, and the leader who lost his position loses 200 points. 
A player cannot be both a leader and a judge. A Leader is not taken into account for Judge Leaderboards. If a player qualifies for both judge positions he may choose which of the two they will occupy, and the person next in line in the position he has not occupied will be the second judge.
Whenever a person gets appointed as a Judge for the first time, they get a "Nay" charge. Whenever a Leader's term ends, but not due to Judges' "Nay" vote, each judge gains a "Nay" charge.
An election for a new leader is automatically triggered and the current leader is automatically ousted if the current leader does not fulfill their duties within 24 hours and is marked as Inactive (just if marked as inactive under Rule #5) A judge can also lose his position if he fails to vote within 24 hours, and is marked as inactive (just as if marked as inactive due to Rule #5). In such a case, the Judge is considered to have voted "Yay" for his voting purposes.


The Constitution:
Rules that have been replaced by The Constitution have a strikethrough.
#the-constitution

#Rule 14:
If a player has 100 Coins or more they have the option of attempting to bribe another player to vote the same as the bribing player on a rule vote. If the potential bribed player accepts the bribe they will gain 100 Coins and the briber will lose 100 Coins.

#Rule 15:
You may at any time spend 50 Coins (gain -50 Coins) to buy a balloon.

#Rule 16:
You may consume (gain -1) balloon. If you do, move to the first position in the "Next" section of the turn order listed in #turns. Consuming balloons in such a fashion can be done by pinging a @Moderator in the #nomic-discussion channel, and specifically requesting to consume a balloon to "move to the top of the turns order".
You cannot have a negative value of balloons.
EDIT: If a person takes 3 turns without a turn of another person between those turns then their next turn will be skipped.

#Rule 17: Economy

All players who have a negative amount of points immediately have 100 points when this proposal passes. 

Everyone lose all their TripleVotes and balloons. Rule 15 is removed from the game by getting a strikethrough. 
Balloons and TripleVotes will still be a thing, but they can be achieved in new ways (see paragraph 12 of this rule). 

The game word "points" will hereby be reffered to as "Coins" instead. 
 
A new channel will be added to the server when this proposal passes, called #shop. Only people with the @Moderator or @Merchant roles can write in this channel. The channel will be an overview of all items it is possible to buy in the game. 

Proposals can define a new item that is added to the #shop. Proposing a new #shop item must include these three things: an item name, a price for buying it, an amount of the item that will be put into the #shop, and an effect the item has upon being used (consuming an owned item can be done by messaging a @Moderator). 
Once such a proposal passes, a @Moderator or a @Merchant will add it to the list of #shop items, using this template: 
[Name]
Cost: [Cost] 
In stock: [Quantity] 
Effect: [Effect]
Each time an item is bought, the item's number in the "in stock" section is decreased by 1. An item can not be bought if this number is lower than 1. 

When this proposal passes, an election will happen where a @Merchant is chosen (someone @Inactive can never be a @Merchant. If the @Merchant becomes inactive or loses the Merchant role in any other way, a new election will be initiated). 

When a new item is proposed, the @Merchant will vote in place of the @Leader. 
Judges are not allowed to vote "Nay" on #shop item proposals. 


If a player wishes to buy something from the #shop, they may choose to message a @Merchant publicly saying explicitly that they wish to buy an item, including the name of the bought item. It is impossible to buy an item if the player does not have an amount of Coins equal to or greater than the price of the requested item, except if the item's description states otherwise. 

All Coins that are spent on buying items from the #shop are not simply removed from the game - they are instead put into the Bank (a section in #shop showing an amount of Coins). This action will be performed by the @Merchant. 

A @Merchant earns 20% extra Coins whenever they get Coins in any way. 
Example: John is supposed to earn 40 Coins because his proposal passed, but instead earns 48 Coins because he is a @Merchant.

#Rule 18:
You may become inactive whenever you like by using the command !inactive. While you are Inactive, if you would like to become active again, you can use the command !active to remove the Inactive role.

#Rule 19: Vassals & Lords 
Effective with this rule, each player gains a property, Allegiance, that is initially set to “Free.”

A player (hereafter “the vassal”) may swear themselves to another player (hereafter “the lord”) if the lord assents. To do so, the vassal and the lord each message a moderator indicating their intentions, whereupon the vassal’s Allegiance becomes “Lord <lord’s nickname>.” (e.g. “Lord Raven James”)

A vassal may only have one lord, but a lord may have any number of vassals.

In this allegiance, the lord gains coin, while the vassal gains clout. When a vassal makes a proposal that goes to an open vote, the lord must vote there in favor of the proposal. When a vassal gains coins, they must give one tenth of those coins, rounded up, to their lord.

Either player may unilaterally annul the allegiance by (a) failing to perform their duty of allegiance or (b) messaging a moderator indicating their intent. In addition to these, the vassal may annul the allegiance by swearing allegiance to new lord.
