- - - - - Bank - - - - -
Coins in bank: 1762-196

- - - - - Shop - - - - -

Balloon
Cost: 50 Coins. 
In stock: 8
Effect: Move to the first position in the "Next" section of the turn order listed in #turns. 

TripleVote
Cost: 100
In stock: 20
Effect: Your next vote counts as 3 votes.

County in the Kingdom of Nomica
Cost: 100 Coins. 
In stock: 1
Effect: Every day, a moderator generates a random number between 1 and 10. 
That is the income yielded by each county that day. Every owner of a county 
immediately gains that number of coins for each county he or she owns. 
A player may only buy a county if he or she is a vassal and has no vassals
of his or her own

BOUNTY
Cost: 30 coins
In stock: 7
Effect: The user specifies a task, such as "propose a proposal that defines a 
new #shop item" or "take a nude selfie while going down Niagra falls in a 
barrel and post the image to #general". 
The task is added to #bounties , labelled with the name of the player that used 
the Bounty item to bring it into existence. 
The first player to complete the task, except the player who posted it, shall 
have one Balloon item added to their inventory. 
This shall not affect the number of Balloon items currently in stock in the #shop.
Once completed in this way, that Bounty listing in #bounties shall be labelled
"COMPLETE". 
Completed Bounties do not give any further Balloons for completion. Whenever this item is used by a player, all details about that bounty will be included at the bottom of the closest next daily announcement, under a section called "Bounties:"

Farm
Cost: 200 Coins AND 1 County in the Kingdom of Nomica
In stock: 999
Effect: This item is considered a County in the Kingdom of Nomica, and all rules 
that apply to Counties also apply to Farms, with the exception of those rules that 
pertain to its status as a distinct item in the Shop. (You cannot purchase this 
item without possessing at least 1 County in the Kingdom of Nomica, and in 
purchasing this item, 1 County in the Kingdom of Nomica is deducted from your 
inventory in addition to the 200 Coin cost.)

Thieves' Den
Cost: 40 Coins AND 1 County in the Kingdom of Nomica
In stock: 999
Effect: This item is considered a County in the Kingdom of Nomica, and all rules that apply to Counties also apply to Thieves' Dens, with the exception of those rules that pertain to its status as a distinct item in the Shop. (You cannot purchase this item without possessing at least 1 County in the Kingdom of Nomica, and in purchasing this item, 1 County in the Kingdom of Nomica is deducted from your inventory in addition to the 40 Coin cost.)

In addition to the normal daily bonus granted by virtue of being a County, Thieves' Dens have the following effects:

-> Increase the number of coins taken by the owner's successful pickpocket attempts by 1.
-> Add +1 to random numbers generated for the sake of determining if the owner's pickpocket attempt is successful, to a maximum of +4 with 4 Thieves' Dens.
-> Increase the number of players that the owner can target for pickpocketing per pickpocketing action by 1. (The same player cannot be targeted more than once simultaneously. Each pickpocketing attempt resolves independently, in the order in which the targets were named.)
-> If the owner is a Vassal, increase the number of coins taken by the owner's Lord's successful pickpocket attempts by 1.

Apocalypse
Cost: 666 coins (This Item may only be bought by a player with exactly 666 coins.)
Description: When this item is bought, every player loses all their coins and items. Every Shop item's stock is replenished to their original (as in, when voted as a shop item) stock. The person who buys this item, may choose to abolish 1 rule, that is not part of The Constitution. That player still owns Apocalypse, but can't use it. Since the item is has a when bought effect
If a player has at least 1 of this item in their inventory, they are considered to be the Coin Judge if there is a tie on the Coin Judge Leaderboard.
Stock: 666
